If you're watching this video, then you're probably in search of a local roofing company in Houston…
…as a result I've  shown up on the 1st page of Google™ for the search term you typed
Which is great for us!!!
But if you're actually looking for a roofing contractor in Houston…
…then I sincerely apologize, as this video is not really for you.
Please press the back button and contact one of the companies on the 1st Page of Google™.
However if you are a roofing company…
…then that's great as this video is JUST FOR YOU!!!
Because this video is going to bring you more business than you can handle.
Your video should be here instead of ours.
When your potential customers are searching for a roofing company in Houston…
…your business should be on the first page Google™ for your industry rather than ours.
In fact if you're not on the 1st page of Google™, then technically you don't exist.
Worse still, is if your competitor is on the 1st page of Google™. You lose the race to the top & it costs you new business.
you're probably throwing darts in the dark with advertising and marketing that sucks your bank
account dry.
Sounds all to familiar right?
Could your business do with 5 – 10 or more new leads every day?
Smart consumers are web savvy. They search and review companies like yours on Google™ before making a decision to contact or buy.
Here is what happens when your potential customer is searching for you on the web…
Consumers type a relevant keyword and typically review the results on the 1st or 2nd page of Google™
If they don't find what they are looking for, then they search again using a different keyword or phrase…
Consumers rarely ever search beyond the 2nd page of any search engine…
…by not being on the 1st page of Google™ your competitors are robbing you of new customers that should rightfully be yours.
There are probably dozens of keywords or phrases for which your business does not appear on the 1st page of Google™
As a result, your business fails to grow and continues to struggle in attracting new business.
It does not have to be this way at all…
…If your looking at attracting new customers and growing your business…
…you need to be on the 1st PAGE of Google™ PERIOD
We can help change that.
However If you're still not convinced we can help you…
…we understand.
Just leave it to your competitor to call us who is convinced…
Or to learn more call us at  the number below.
(877) 948-3665
Call us before your competition does